1       osmmmmm best barbeque  i had... will disappoint vegies as very less menu on card.... non veg will have there time of life with heavy pocket                        

1 	Awesome Experience This time I had to go for a veg buffet at BBQ Nation and I was not at all looking forward to it since the last time I went here, I just loved the non veg starters and din't expect anything from the veg section of this place as in the end barbecues are best when its meat. :P We were seated on the second floor and there was live music at that time, which unfortunately wasn't there on the first floor, the last time I visited, so I loved the dining more than last time. The service seemed slower than last time though earlier visit was on a weekend. But still it is far better than many places out there. We had Indian grill veg, paneer peshwari tikka, peri peri mushroom, cajun spiced potato, Indonesian bbq fruit (corn, banana and pineapple) for the starters and all of them were good. I still love their non veg starters, maybe I can't help but compare. :D We had a wide range of main course dishes too but we couldn't eat anything more, so we decided to try the starters. The starters were actually better this time, the menu constituted badami kheer, chocolate brownie, assorted pastry, mango cheese cake, nut pie, gulab jamun, ice cream, phirnee and cut fruit. All of them were lot better than last time and I was actually happy that I came to see that they improved on this front.I guess everyone does this when they go to BBQ Nation, but we just told the waiter that it was the birthday of one of the friends in my group and though he denied, the waiter ended up getting the cake and the singers dedicated a birthday song for him. We got a very cute cake for this and they even packed it for us to takeaway. Though it was very difficult not to laugh at that point, it was still fun. :)And I guess I left the place feeling more satisfied than last time, be it due to the ambiance on the second floor or the improvement in the desserts section or being proved wrong that veg would be a bad choice here. Definitely recommended for everyone!                        

1       Great food even better service!! Love!! This particular branch rocked their service and that too on sat night! Love the food                        

1       Bbq nation The first thing that comes to mind is VALUE FOR MONEY. The food is great and the ambience too. Though all the courses are good, I would advise you to concentrate on the starters and desserts since the main course is just regular fare. The best part is that they regularly throw in complimentary food like extra starters, cakes for special occassions etc. This is a good place to go if you are going with a big gang of people.                        

1       Best barbeque hub best barbeque platter,the grilled mushroom, the crispy corn,the barbeque fish ,yummthe staff take personal interest in seeing u have a nice meal.one of my veg friend wasnt really happy with the barbeque platter hence the staff whipped up some delicious crispy veg for him                        

1       the starters are to die for :P The name itself reminds me of the mouth watering kebabs . Been there numerous times. Excellent service and excellent food . I prefer the buffet to a la carte . Pricing is very reasonable . Served with a complimentary drink and wide range of grilled prawns and chicken kababs this place is a must go .Service 8 on 10 .Food 9 on 10 .                        

1       Best Barbeque i have ever had 1. loved the food and ambiance. 2. the rocket speed services and the endless varieties of starters made me go crazy      about Barbeque Nation.3. one of the best place to hangout with friends/families.                        

1       Best Place for unlimited starters For me this has so far remained the best place for indulging on non-vegetarian Barbeque starters in unlimited helpings. Prawns and fish are a real treat. So are the lamb and chicken. The open air ambience is an added plus. Eat till you drop the flag.. Wonderful experience every time.                        

0       i hate the pricing food is great but the pricing irks me to no end.always go for sponsored company outings.hope they make changes in line with the market trend.                        

1       Love the Food here I love Barbeque Nation. One of the best Kebabs in town. Value for money. Oh dont miss the Jamun at the end to finish off one of the best best meals :D                        

1       Grand Buffet If you want to eat your heart out ... This is the place .. The Prawns, Potatoes & Chicken is all yours till you decide to turn the flag down ... If you still have some space you can have the buffet, normally people are content with the starters and desserts because it is a mighty bite :)                        

1       Must go for non-veggie Little costly but delicious non-veg grilled food that you will not find anywhere else in the city. The best part is the way they serve, you have griller in you table itself and couples of waiters on your service. It may be disappointing for veggie because there is nothing surprising for them, of course enough veg food but not as gr8 as non-veg. Just imagine a place where you can have chicken, mutton and sea food, all @ one place with delicious bengali sweets. You must go once if you are a non-veggie.                        

0       Good food Went with my family and food and starters were good. Loved the prawns however rest of the kebabs seemed ok. Could have been better and some change would be good. A little on the expensive side. Had a good time.                        

0       Poor Nation I have been to 2 of these one here in Bangalore and one in Pune. The concept that was once a novelty (grill your kebabs on the table) has now become something of an over done theme in too many restaurants these days. With a good variety of tasty starters but an average buffet that follows, it may not disappoint the many. What i realized shortly after my meals in both places is that you begin to get a sort of bloated over full feeling this is purely because of the overdose of bicarb in the food. Restaurants that run buffets can sometimes do this to keep the customers eating lower quantities its quite sickening really and does not leave you with a very good feeling after your meal.If you are looking for a great Indian grill experience then read my review on Kebab studio.Pros: - good conceptgood startersCons: - Poor preparation of food- Main course is a let down                        

1       Great Food Was there at Indiranagar(HAL) to fulfill my greedy need of brunch. Chose the buffet here. Starters were barbecue that included chicken fish prawns. With sheek kabab and other stuff. They have a pasta counter and i asked the chef to make a non veg spicy pasta. He rocked and nailed it! The buffet was not a big spread but not bad either. As a proud non veggie,  i only checked the non veg section. Chicken dum biryani, lal mutton curry, prawns curry. Chicken salad. The salads and desserts were ok.Costed 1400 for two. All in all good place!                        

0       Not More Than Once a Month Whenever we go to Barbecue Nation we gorge, the grills in the starters vary in the tenderness of the meat but a nice burnt flavor from the grill really helps to get the juices flowing.Don't look at the main course because it is usually fairly average, just fill yourself to the brim with starters and then eat some dessert to get some closure on your meal.They have an early bird discount, so if you are looking to go any evening, try going before 7:30 and you get almost 200 knocked off the price.I love the place but I always end up overeating so I would recommend you only go here once a month to satisfy those guilty urges of yours, not more.

1       Total paisa vasool If you are a foodie and love eating non-veg then this is the place to be but that does not mean that veg here isn't good.. although its a buffet system here the starters will be brought up to your table and kept on the grill and also the deserts here are mouth watering and also the ambiance here is good .You will only stop eating as your stomach will be ready to burst and you can't shove down anything in your throat                         

0       how do people come here the place is full- alwayswhy i can not figure out.the starters are bad, no service to speak ofthe food sucksthe desserts awfulonly go back if my company pays for the meal                        

0       Great buffet spread yummy starters n hurriedservic This place drags me again and again for the yummy starters and great food.Been to this place with 2 of my friends  on september 5th.We were seated in the roof top area. The ambience was ok. Its better in the ground floor.just have few things to mentionMy friends choose veg buffet and I opted for non veg buffet.1. The starters 5 veg and 5 non veg are all great and tasted yummy.2. The service seems to be hurried as the waiters are in a bit rush .Guess they can have one person dedicated to a table so that the guests dont keep on waiting.My friends ordered for few drinks and first thing the order was not taken properly and they got a wrong drink for one of my friend.Good thing was they checked upon it and corrected it back in a while.But while serving the drinks could sense the feel of hurried ness as the ice cubes were dropped on the table while serving the drinks .They took time while getting the soda n coke.And no one bothered to ask for a repeat as well.R they so busy even on a weekday ?Gotaa check on this part of the service.Coz till date I remember whn even I visit BBQ nation - i have 2 reasons in mind - service and foodBut noticed few glitches in the service this time.                        

0       Good ambiance. Good ambiance and good food, but felt like the place is very much crowded and noisy, not the fault of restaurant, but people who come there. Could add a bit more space. Service is good, staffs are polite.                        

0       Betr than Kormangala one...not as gud as JP Ngr Went there for  team dinner...Booze was gud..food was ok...setup not as interesting...but space that this place has to offer is better than others, definitely...If you are a barbq natn fan..head out to the JP Nagar branch.....ull be delighted..                        

1       Confused Connoisseur I have been to BBQ atleast 4 to 5 times and well i guess no doubt the starters are reall good. The BBq is really exceptional and good to taste . Buffet- ls forget nothing worth mentioning after trying out 4-5 timesDessert - always the same spread nothing extra ordinary If you are a die hard fan of BBQ and can eat a lot then a must try                        

1       great as always the place continues to amaze me. always full to the brim, and always satifying exprience.the kebabs here remain the very best despite a host of other new restaurants cropping up in the area.the ambience is very good. the food even better.                        

0       stones I am a great fan of this place and have been here on many occasions with my colleagues. but my last visit made me mad as I found stones in my food and my colleague was showered with hair in his.the management was apologitic and waived the bill, also insisted we take a complementary cake with "sorry" written on it which we declined as we lost our appetite by then.guess they give out quite of few of these sorry cakes to try to get back upset guests and this seems to be working as they have quite a crowd.however they must work on this problem by maintaining better hygiene                        

1       good Good food.. and excellent service.. must go place... :)                        Good but boaring last week It was my 4th visit with my staff, it was good but not great as the menu looked similar to the previous visits its was like same food every visit, i sure the chef needs to rethink or we change the day we go.                        



1       Place for starters and desserts Been to this place multiple times...so don't have write much. I found this place to be really good, known for starters and desserts. Variety is not just for non veg but extended to veg as well. One suggestion - to have complete three course meal, balance your diet at each course else you'll end up like me flying directly to desserts after starters :) which BTW is not a bad choice.                        

1       Super fine experience and can eat healthy The almost non-stop starters on the barbecue on the table has a lot of variety; it is a heaven for those who eat non-veg. The starters must be treated as main course in this place; many get confused and might get disappointed with the normal looking main course and desserts. Go hog on the starters for a hour o more and you will love the place.                        

1       Good but needs variety The starters were good as usual and maybe as far as kebabs go one cannot have too much variance, the potato starters is great not to missed even by the most hardened/self professed non vegetarian ONLY, the buffet however badly needs to be pepped up it is much to boring and ordinary, the desserts are o.k. nothing to write home about                        

1       Meat Eater's Paradise... I am an avid lover of non vegetarian food and most of the times get ignorant about noticing or trying and then finally writing about Vegetarian food. I hope it does not happen this time.I have been to this place numerous times and must begin with saying that, "experience at barbeque nation has been overwhelming each of these times, both during lunch and dinner."During lunch one gets to choose from 2 buffet options: 3 starter Veg and/or Non Veg 5 starter Veg and/or Non Veg (Just this option for Dinner)(main course and desserts are common) I usually go for the 5 starter option in which usually chicken (2), mutton, fish and prawns are served in non - veg menu comprises paneer, aloo, grilled veggies and more. All of these starters are served on the table with most of them placed on the personal barbeque set up on ones table. I like this part where, I can roast the starter further to suit my preferences. There are sauses placed which one can use to personalize the taste. The service has always been efficient with the starters been served consistently until the flag goes down. Yesss you read it right.. Until the flag goes down. There is a Barbeque Nation flag stand placed on every table. A hoisted flag means the 'starters can keep coming' and flag down indicates 'we are done with starters'. The main course does have a whole lot of options from Indian (usually North and south, may be more), chinese, italian, and more Usually, I am happy with the whole lot of starters served, but who can resist a biryani? I can't So I head to the main course buffet for some biryani (mutton or chicken) and probably some crab curry (surved only during dinner) with some indian breads served hot on the table. Desserts A whole lot options to choose from - ice creams, toppings like nuts and sauces, pastries, indian desserts like gulab jamoon, phirni and more again. The desserts are excellent to taste a winner to me personally is the phirni served in small or mini claypots. The ambience is very good, making it suitable for a family/ friends/business dinners. May sometimes get too noisy for business dinners. The indiranagar branch has a live band perform on some specific days of the week making it good for couples dinning out. Service is efficient and quick. I recommend making a table reservation before visiting this place and probably a day in advance of planning for a weekend.                        

1       Starters starters starters We went for a corporate lunch and were given a complimentary drink , my self and other teammates has just starters it was just awesome to , even the veg starters included pineapple grill was too good..always prefer more of seafood starter coz your every penny will be worth it . enjoy :)                        

1       love the starters here eat heartful! as it is not just value for money but also some amazing non veg starters and food in the buffet!                        

1       Good Food Excellent buffet and great options. Especially the starters. Loved the chicken and mutton kheema kebab's. I filled  myself with starters.The Roti and mutton rogan ghost was yummy and so was the biryani.                        

1       Good one if You have desire to Binge on.... We had a Corporate Team Lunch in BBN recently. The ambiance is really good, the staffs are professional and the price for lunch is 475 plus taxes approx and 600 plus for dinner approx. Good thing is that they have a complimentary drink too. Though the variety is limited but all were good. The quality of all the Barbecue non- veg was good (i did not try veg). They do have a buffet (in the same price) with limited variety and satisfactory level of taste. So if you really a starter guy... go on.... make your day a fulfilling one!!! :)                        

1       Best varieties.. It so nice to be there and services is too good.. food awesome....                        

0       Come on guys! please change the menu I have been visiting this place ever since it has opened, but have noticed that their buffet starters have remained the same since they have started (except for the food festivals). I have already started to feel bored about their constant menu. Its about time they change it..                        

0       Don't Visit if You Are With Ladies! Believe it or not, I have been in the city for 8 years and never visited this place! And I'm pretty sure I'll never visit it now.Went to the Indiranagar restaurant on 15th June with my hubby and relatives, after telling them about the awesome spread here. The moment we entered, I had to get embarrassed because of a waiter leching at our lady guest. We ignored it (shouldn't have) and went upstairs. There, the same waiter repeated the same thing. Obviously we couldn't stay there after such incidents. The management seemed quite casual about the whole incident which was even more shocking. I don't know if anyone from the management team will pay attention to this review, but I had to put it on this forum, so that no one else faces such a situation.                        

1       Enjoyed The Experience I went to Barbeque Nation along with my brother and sister for a Sunday lunch. It was my first time there although my brother was a regular to Barbeque Nations in Lucknow and Delhi earlier. I was actually really happy with the starters, they were really tasty, especially prawns and fish. I loved the concept of a barbecue on your table which was new to me. We almost spent an hour eating just the starters. They were that good. In the meantime, we ordered chocolate mock-tails and it tasted like bournvita, not at all acceptable at such a well known place. So we decided to still with the buffet. When we started our main course, the food was mediocre. It din't stand out like the starters. Finally when we had our desserts, we were totally disappointed with the buffet. I got a plate loaded with each of the desserts served and I just pecked on the food. All the cakes were bad. The ice cream and gulab jamun were the only desserts which could be eaten without complaint.The service was really fast and they were very friendly, even though it was a weekend and all the tables were full. You will feel like appreciating them on that. When my brother gave feedback after the dining, the manager himself came and apologized for the desserts. He also got a call in 2 days about the issue. That is remarkable.All in all, it is a good deal, considering the price and the unlimited meal offer on that. But I bet everyone should fill their stomachs with their starters and don't bother much about the desserts. :)                        

1       this is THE place for grill!! No matter how old it gets, I would still call it the best place to have live grilled food.. and that too.. unlimittedddddddddddd!!!!!!!!!!!! The best part about it is.. Thrs something for all.. be it a carnivore like me :D .. or our poor herbivore friends. ;) One must particularly try the Prawns.Plus the open air ambience makes it a good place to enjoy a nice Bangalore evening weather. The service is pretty fast and not a pricey place to hog.. :)                        

0       Bad food,staff and cutlery Rude Reservation desk, uncooked food and unclean utensils. My entire management team was unhappy and next time we changed our venue to BBQ World.                        

0       Good but nothing great! Food is good but  nothing to die for..the usual stuff. The buffet choice tasted average! Overall,I'd say an overhyped place!                        

1       value for money! awesome! I have been here several times and always walked away happy and content :) .great service and awesome spread from teh starters to the main course to the desserts!............the seafood  is one of the freshest i have had and always cooked to perfection....overall great place to have a heavy value for money meal!                        

1       Taken by surprise I was under the impression this place is not good for vegetarians and only for meat lovers. I think it was proved wrong. had been there last month and was really impressed with ambiance, the staff were friendly and helped us distinguish the veg and non-veg guests. The deal was too good where they served a complimentary drink (alc and non-alc), unlimited barbeque starters with hot grill, buffet (with loads of veg/non-veg dishes, north Indian rotis and subzees). Overall the package was so filling it was just 425 per person. Though service charge was added at 4% and so the staff was strict at not taking tips. The staff took care to serve extra starters too. Overall experience was good.                        

1       Good- but daily menu is the same Been to barbeque nation a lot of times. Every time i go there, its like I am having the same food over and over again. When they have certain events (like the arabian night, Pirate food fest, etc) thats when they have a change in their menu, and it is always brilliant. Even on a daily basis, the starters and the desserts are the best to have. Main course could be a little better, but all in all, its worth going there....but not too often!                        

0       Brilliant yet a smell of arrogance Everyone knows how good Barbeque nation is, so i am not commenting on that. However, recently i have noticed an aura of arrogance in them, especially when you call them to book tables.They have the usual response, its booked and the only time will be sometime after 10pm!. But its quite funny, on two occasions i booked at 1030pm sicne there were no tables till 1030, but went in at 930 and got my tables!                        

0       Getting tied of the same thing Been to BBQ Nation only a very few times since it started but getting tired of the same items. Hope they can introduce new items soon.                        

1       Outstanding!! After reading a lots of great reviews on burrp we decided to visit this place on this saturday (10/12/2011). It was an awesome experience. We were 7 people in total and had done the booking well in advance. We didn't face any trouble getting our seat. It was in the most corner.. the way v like it. And then came the starter session. The reason that we can barbeque it on our own table with our fav flavour makes it the best. Wont talk much about the main course coz I was so filled up wid the staters that main course was not that important. And then the desert was really heaven. 7 desrsts... really makes it BIG!! There was a live performance as well.. loved the beats.. We wnt there by 12:30 pm and were there till 3:45 pm.. I think that tells everything.. Great ambienece, Great Service and Great Food!!                        

1       Grill Heaven! This is by far my most favorite restaurant in Bangalore. This is where we go whenever in a mood to celebrate :) I love that they used different colored plates to distinguish between vegetarians and us carnivores. The starters that you grill right on your table is definitely the piece de resistance. Buffet is usually varied and perfect for people like me who sample a bit of everything.However, their branch in Mumbai is usually packed on weekends and you cant get a walk in. I'd advise to reserve WELL ahead of time to avoid the disappointment we've faced.                        

0       Boooooooooooring! It's been 300 years (okay, maybe 2-4) and I do not see much of a change in the vegetarian menu.Same basting sauces. Check.Same vegetables on sticks. Check.Same aachari mushroom. Check.Same smashed potato curd starter. Check.Same bad main courses. Check. Nobody eats this unless they are fools, and B A Baracus pities them.Same mediocre desserts. Check.If you go to 1 BBQ Nation, it is like going to all the rest. I would much rather go to Barbecue Factory.                        

1       Great Barbecue - even for veggies Went to barbecue nation in bangalore for the first time. Difficult to get a table as place is crowded so it's always better to get reservation in advance. We got a table on terrace. Comfortable seating. they had a nice arrangement with fans spraying water to keep it cool.Being a pure veggie, i had some apprehension but it was was a great experience.I like the way it works - table top charcoal grills at each table and the staff keep bringing appetizers till you turn the flag down. You have to grill the appetizers on skewers. They provide a variety of sauces and flavored oils which you can put on apptizers before grilling.Good variety for veggies like baby corn, mushrooms, potatoes, panner, vegetables. They also had veg kebabs and and awesome potatoes with mayo dish that is served on table. The drinks were also nice. The service is very prompt and staff is very courteous. The waiter also asked about the taste of food and if we would like anything different. When the waiter heard i was  a pure veggie, he got a separate fried corn appetizers which were great. They were not even on menu that day. That's the way to treat guests. Great Service.The lunch buffet is standard but after having so much appetizers you have hardly any space left for main lunch buffet. I couldn't taste much so won't comment. Though i must say they have a decent spread of desserts. Definitely worth the money. On the flipside though you will definitely tend to overeat :)                        

1       Great food. Good drinks. Check the bill. We went there to celebrate a friends birthday. The food is awesome. I'm pretty sure everyone knows the way it works - you have your own personal table top charcoal grills at each table and the staff bring out a steady stream of appetizers and keep replenishing them. Excellent variety ranging from vegetarian fare like baby corn, mushrooms, potatoes as well as chicken, fish, shrimp, crab. They provide a variety of sauces that you can dab on with a little brush. Good drinks. I had a long island  tea which was made well. The main course buffet was average but by the time you get to it you're pretty full so that was fine by me.  Ambience is great - very warm and cozy. The staff brought out a cake for the birthday boy too.  During the meal the waiters got together and did a little dance jig :) The only let down - When we checked the bill they had over estimated the drinks we had ordered and over charged us. We got it rectified of course and it was an honest mistake but do check the bill at the end. I would def recommend the place.                        

1       OMG The Service is Fantabulous! Everytime I love the service! Don't bother beyond the starters though... Even desserts are only so so. Enjoy the starters and the service!                        

1       love the bbqs on a scale of tenfood- 9ambience-8service-8value for money-8would definitely recommend bbq nation to  my friends                        

0       It was a night that i wont forget... I was suggested bbq nation by my  colleagues at work... wasnt aware of the surprises this place had to offer me. I visited this place with my friend and on my arrival had a glance at the hostess register seemed it  was full seeing the bookings but .. i was lucky to get in without prior reservation... TIP: Do your reservation prior to your arrival to be on the safer side. I was comforted on a corner table couch style seating and took a while to absorb the ambiance. Its decorated with colourfull ribbons, lightnings and artifacts. Nothing that grt about it but its kind of "OKEY" because the noise of large tables in the restaurant were overpowering it... Cant really help it....:(  Now the real fun starts when the waiter offered me a scroll menu which was unique, I loved it.... Didn't go through it completely finally managed to choose a veg and non veg buffet. The table was neatly turned and a charcoal furnace was placed in the table... "WOW what is that?" was the first thing came out of my mouth... You literally get a bbq grill on your table, something different from other restaurants... we were served practically unlimited different types of mouth watering starters. Didnt have space for more and then i realised we are still left with the mains and dessert... MY MY... thats crazzy... relaxed a bit sipped a coolers and headed for the buffet... The buffet spread was not huge but was enought for me as i was almost full with the starters... Guess what..? I found Gushtaab in the buffet, literally jumped with excitement. For the readers who are not familiar with Gushtaab, its a chopped mutton dish with spices cooked in oil, milk and curds a specialty in Kashmiri Wazwan meals... as we returned the table was cleaned and reset with fresh cutleries... "A WOW again..." even when the restaurant was full the service remained consistent. After having the mains we headed for the desserts... the restaurant laid a decent display of Indian and fusion desserts... they were Yummy... and so was our experience... Oh wait there is more in this place had to offer... We were served sweet pan and our hands were washed in a traditional way... never experienced that before... and finally we were offered a herbal tea which was superb... with all the pampering my expectations were touching the sky now... the only place that the service lacked was the billing... but it was okey... i can buy that... will deff. return with more....                        

1       Another awesome visit Fifth visit to BBQ Nation, and it never disappoints me. Great place for foodies. The restaurant should try to introduce a little more variety in the Vegetarian Starters section. Other than this, its an awesome place!                        

0       Losing its shine I used to frequent this place with team only for dinners, as there's no way one can work after the scrumptous buffet. I used to love this place. The best buffet in town, actually the best starters. Never gone beyond that as the main course isn't too appealing,you get the same food everywhere. I love the whole concept of live grill on your table where you can brush the sauces of your choice. The unlimited luscious prawns and fish i could eat the whole night if i had a camel stomach. They also used to serve some heveanly potato with yoghurt appetizer(don't remember the name) which isn't anymore. The rum based cocktails are lovely and go really well with the food.Recently visited this place for lunch with team for a colleague's b'de, dreading how would i get back to work after all the food. We had to wait for 45 mins staring through the glass panes at the people tearing away the food. After the long wait we were shown the table, picked the compliementary drink which was good and started devouring the usual prawns and fish.. delicuous.. here my bbq dream ends.. coz the rest was a disaster. Out of 7, 5 were vegetarians(including the b'de gal) and the veg food was pathetic. The worst ever i must say. On seeing the cajun style potatoes i mistook them for the other potato thingy i totally love and asked for a huge serving.. One mouthful and my taste buds were choking up. Had to drain down the drink to wash away the remnants...The buffet price keeps rising with the food taste suffering.Inspite of the repeated denials the waiter would coax to serve the food, which obv goes as a waste as we din't have the stomachfor more disasters. When asked if there is anything apart from whats been served, the waiter excitedly told us about the veg kababs which would take another 10 mins but are worth a try. We really hoped it would be worth the hype, i had a piece of it myslef, my tastebuds clamped ready for the assault, couldn't have the second bite. On seeing us the rest denied the veg kababs and again the waiter coaxed them till they allowed him to serve. When you say you wouldn't want to try something why force. It isn't that we wont pay you for the food.If you are so eager to please then do present something thats delectable.  A ~500+tax for veg buffet with such pathetic food..total waste of money!                        

0       Same but worth a try Been to B'que nation many times,each time menu was same with 1-2 different changes.They start with Veg Grill and paneer and so on..must try is potato starter which they provide in last :) and even corn starter was good..u can get these everyday so not to worry..good supporting staff and they provide you new options as well in case you are not satisfied with food ...only point to be noted is that they do not have any chairs for kids...                        

0       Arrogance while making Reservation We were a group of 25 ppl who wanted to go for Lunch and when making reservation we enquired about any discounts and the reply we got was 25 ppl is nothing for us we have 60,70 coming and we don't give any discounts for them. If there are no discounts for group of ppl they need to just say that  and there was no need to show attitude. So we decided not to go since "as they say" they will get bigger groups.                        

1       Eating stuff that once used to be alive :) This a great place to get your weekly dose of meat from seafood and red meat..Really good variety of non-veg starters. I have been here twice and both times the starters were fantastic. Love the roof top table, awesome place to hangout. The starters that were served included some masala prawns, chicken, lamb, crispy potato and many others.. I must say the crispy potatoes are really good especially since I am not a big fan of Indian vegetarian food.. The seafood and meat varieties are also fresh and UNLIMITED!! pretty good..I am not much a fan of the buffet line though...on both occasions, the buffet line did not serve awesome food. everything was just average. On 2011 New Year's Day, the biryani rice was undercooked and my family were not pleased :( The desserts are very average. I do like the nuts and chocolate sauce that is provided with the ice cream. Overall, a pleasant experience..Service is efficient and prompt.                        

1       The Great Service Well definitely when ever I pass indranagar remember the time I was in BBQ Nation with my family the staff are committed to give good service I pointed to the waiter that the crabs were not good he made sure he got me another pronto.... the food and the ambiance goes without saying is just great and off late their dance and the crowd cheering them is something to watch for , only drawback is booking in advance you will need to book in advance as the place is always full, why would it not be , its a great place to be in                        

1       They surprise u :) Barbeque Nation (BBQN) never stops to surprise you.A few years back, I was a regular there purely for the reason that you could always fill yourself silly there. But after a while, things got boring and I stopped going there. But BBQN has a habit of surprising you. Last week, we went to BBQN after a very long while and as expected, the starters were great, the buffet mediocre and the service, very friendly. But what took us by surprise is that somewhere towards the end, they suddenly started playing loud music and about 8-10 waiters got together and started dancing! And they danced some elaborate steps with the jives, moves and grooves and this went on for about 5 minutes. Soon enough, all of the crowd were clapping and cheering them up. Really cool fun!!!BBQN is known for the "grill your starters on your table" concept and hence it's quite interesting. I usually bring my parents here for the experience and my office crowd also takes most of our foreign friends here regularly. The "grill-starter" session is followed by a buffet with a good ensemble of desserts. I never could do justice to the buffet as I always found myself full with the starters so I just go straight to the desserts after the starters. However, I have always found the buffet and desserts just mediocre. The starters are usually always good but I'm not sure if vegetarians have too many options. Having said that, their veg starter - the potato pakoda with cheese - is simply amazing!!!Ambience is good - it's always very lively, neat and tidy.Service is good - the waiters make it a point to explain the concept of barbeque before starting and they regularly filled in the empty glasses without really interrupting .The cost is slightly on the higher side - dinner for two with a mocktail each cost us about Rs. 1500/-, but no other restaurant gives that kind of an experience. Perfect to impress your out-of-town parents.Just remember to book at least a day in advance. We had to reserve two days in advance for a table for two for the 7 PM slot (they have sessions at 7PM, 9 PM and now 10 PM also). Parking too might be an issue at the Indiranagar BBQN.Overall, great for the starters and the concept experience and they surprise you pleasantly, every now and then.                        

1       Innovative Love the idea of having a mini barbeque at your own table. Love the idea of unlimited tasty finger licking starters. Good ambiance. Tasty main course, even better is the variety of desserts. Wonderful service. Absolutely have no complaints about it!Oh yes, one little one, the starters are not often changed, so if you happen to go to the place very often, you might have to taste the same thing over and over again.                        

0       Starters - all you can eat The starters are why you should land up in this place, the main course can be easily overlooked and by the looks of it, seems the management wants you to do just that. Not a place to have a quiet dinner more a place where you can satiate your hunger especially if you have skipped a meal :). The main complaint about the starters is that it all tastes the same ( all bbq'ed). But still you get a lot of different meats for the price you are paying. The Desserts were a let down too, very unimaginative. So all in all for a person who relishes his meats a nice place to be in. One question why do they charge a service fee, should it not be upto the customer to decide whether a service charge need be payed ???                        

0       Tummy filling no taste destination A whole load of food.... barbeque on the table... 3 of them came in miniscule pieces half done from the kitchen... the rest of the starters had to be called for, every time you wanted them.The salads  were a shame. The curries were decent. the breads were good and so was the rice. The desserts were an effort.If one is looking for good taste and good food, this is a wrong destination. This is a place one needs to go to load the tummies with food in a budget.A good concept though... maybe not for me.                        

0       Not so good food I had been there on a couple of occasions.Saw many reviews which have a rating of 4/5. I guess these people dont know the actual taste of a good food.The starters over there, are nothing but small pieces of flesh , heavy with masalas and a extra coating of butter.Some times the kebabs are so small and half cooked. Its only a hype of having a grill in the center of the table. It doesnt serve the purpose of any acutally cooking. (if any one thinks of, this grill is for further cooking.) On more than one occasion, i meat was not cooked completely. Heavy with masala and colour.Even the Veg stuff is no good either. They dont serve paneer on the grill. We have to tell them to get. They only serve things like corn cobs, some bad mushrooms, sour pine apple chunks over the grill.And nothing much to talk about the main course.They are just one of the many making restraunts, with a lot of hype around them.                        

1       Excellent Food and Service Very delicious food and wonderful staff. Excellent service. Must visit restaurant in Bangalore.                        

1       Its Different experience for veggies I am a veggie and i was taken to Barbeque nation by a friend for his birthday for me it was a whole new experience(they also do serve Veg but the icing on the cake is the non veg) nice way of serving and the way each table has heating system to keep the items hot was a nice thing to experience..surely Veggies like me shud try out asap!                        

1       Awesome food .. Have been there on last monday ....celebrated one of my friend's b'day ...liked the way they have arrangement to celebrate any of the occasion:) worth to go to Barbeque Nation ...spent good time with friends..many options for vegges as well.. nice ambiance ...will give 5/5 :)                        

1       worth a try for sure being a guy who explores foodie joints all across Bangalore. i rilli regret not going to barbeque nation till date, but better late den never, being a veggie, i rilli didn't expect them to ve a good spread, though the price is bit on a higher side, but its definitely worth a try. Loved it to the core.better than the restaurant of the same genre                        

1       Valentine Dinner 2011 I had been to Barbeque Nation twice earlier and this was the 3rd time I went along with my wife for Valentine dinner hence it explains that the place is good. The main attraction is the unlimited veg / non veg starters which is mouth watering. In drinks Mango Mock tail is my personal favorite which is with a dash of coco nut its. I would strongly recommend this place for good eater who like kebabs which are unlimited and the grill is right in front of you fixed on the dining table.The main course is okay and the deserts are satisfactory too. Overall all I would rate a 4 on 5. Thumbs Up !                        

1       Tasty Sea Food.. I had been to Barbeque Nation for the first time to celebrate one of my frnd's Bday & he was so glad that the place i chose to party him was BN. The Food was yummm, especially the sea food. can nvr forget the taste & would like to visit again for sure.                        

1       Best Buffet in town BBQ Nation has one of the best buffets in town though its a bit on the expensive side. Its really worth the money as you get a variety of sea food in the starters like prawns, fish apart from the regulars like chicken and mutton. Don't fill your tummy with starters though, there's the biggest spread of buffet you will ever find in Bangalore. What surprises me with this place is that even Vegetarians love this place due to the veg starters and the big buffet spread. Tip is to get there early by 7pm on weekday evenings and save 100 bucks off the price.                        

0       great barbeque great food worth a try. But problem is they never change the buffet  menu (as they serve buffet only). So it become little boring after multiple visits.                        

0       Dont beleive in the info shared on the phone We had been to this place on 19.02.2012.To be on safer side we tried to do the table booking but we were informed that booking is closed and there is no seats available.We had tried to do booking on 18.02.2012 and had received the same response from the staff.Despite the info shared by the staff we decided to have a walkin in 19.02.2012.We found that the place was not as crowded as informed by the customer service representative.We were hardly made to wait for 15 min before we got a seat.Thus I feel the staff was negligent and careless to pass wrong info to the customer and prevent the patrons from visiting the place.                        

1       Best place for Non-veg starters and buffet dinner Been to this place on a weekend with my friends for the first time in Bangalore(was a frequent visitor to BBQ Pune )The best part is unlimited starters with a wide range of options to pick frm live counters and added to it the wide spread menu :D Love it to the core .Great food appropriate service and perfect for buffet dinner.                        

